Better upgrade instructions for embedded apps (#513)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

#### Embedded apps

- Upgraded to the Shopify App Bridge and removed the EASDK
- Added Shopify App Bridge support to new components `Toast` and `Loading`
- Added `target` prop to all actions which get passed to the Shopify App Bridge
- Added new `size` and `message` props to `Modal` which aligns with the Shopify App Bridge API
- Added new `resourceType`, `initialQuery`, and `showVariants` props to `ResourcePicker` which aligns with the Shopify App Bridge API
- Moved embedded `ResourcePicker`, `Modal`, and `Page` to the main bundle and removed the embedded bundle. Imports from `'@shopify/polaris/embedded'` will no longer work, use `'@shopify/polaris'` instead

> - Updated `shopOrigin` prop on `AppProvider` to optional as we provide it by default. Note that if you provide a `shopOrigin` it now needs to be provided without the `'https://'` per the Shopify App Bridge API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Made the `shopOrigin` prop on `AppProvider` optional. It’s now provided by default. If you do provide a `shopOrigin` it now needs to be given without the `'https://'` per the Shopify App Bridge API.
```

- Updated `onSelection` prop on `ResourcePicker`. The shape of the `selectPayload` data has changed and the product `id` is now a `gid`. For example, `/9019381572` is now `gid://shopify/Product/9019381572`. We offer [@shopify/admin-graphql-api-utilities](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@shopify/admin-graphql-api-utilities) to help compose and parse `gid` from Shopify admin
- Updated default values for `ResourcePicker` props to align with the Shopify App Bridge. Set prop `showHidden`, `allowMultiple={false}`, and `showVariants={false}` to get the previous default behavior
- Updated `target` prop type related to embedded apps, use `'APP'`, `'ADMIN_PATH'`, or `'REMOTE'`
- Removed `icon` prop from `Page`. Upload your app’s icon in the Shopify Partners dashboard “App setup” section instead
- Removed `title` prop from `ResourcePicker` as setting a title is no longer supported by the Shopify App Bridge
- Removed `products` prop from `ResourcePicker`, use `resourceType="Product"` instead
- Removed `collections` prop from `ResourcePicker`, use `resourceType="Collection"` instead
- Removed `width` and `height` props from `Modal`, use `size` instead

> - Removed `debug` prop from `AppProvider`, use [Redux DevTools](https://github.com/reduxjs/redux-devtools) instead. Redux DevTools has [browser extensions](https://github.com/zalmoxisus/redux-devtools-extension), too

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `debug` prop from `AppProvider`, use [Redux DevTools](https://github.com/reduxjs/redux-devtools) instead. Redux DevTools also has [browser extensions](https://github.com/zalmoxisus/redux-devtools-extension).
```

- Removed the `Alert` component, use `Modal` with `message` prop instead

> - Removed `easdk` from React context and added `appBridge` which accessible via `this.context.polaris.appBridge`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replaced `easdk` on React context with `appBridge`. Access it via `this.context.polaris.appBridge`.
```

> - Removed `this.context.easdk.startLoading()` and `this.context.easdk.stopLoading()`, use `Loading` instead

Author: ```suggestion
- Removed `this.context.easdk.startLoading()` and `this.context.easdk.stopLoading()`, use the `Loading` component instead
```

> - Removed `this.context.easdk.startLoading()` and `this.context.easdk.stopLoading()`, use `Loading` instead

Reviewer: I wonder if we should qualify `Loading` by saying “the `Loading` component”. Somehow because of the name, the extra clarify here might be helpful.

> - Removed `this.context.easdk.showFlashNotice()`, use `Toast` instead

Reviewer: Same here. Maybe “the `Toast` component”

Author: ```suggestion
- Removed `this.context.easdk.showFlashNotice()`, use the `Toast` component instead
```
